>> [18] > 3/3 - Liam, Marcus, David
:: Liam : excited : Can you believe all the dull days we've had around here lately? I've been thinking... What if we spice things up a little by having a supernatural ability showdown to see who's got the most hidden talents?
:: Marcus : intrigued : You mean like a psychic contest? I'm all for it, mate! I've always believed that there's more to life than meets the eye.
:: David : confused : Are you guys serious? This sounds like a one-way ticket to Wackytown. But hey, I'm down for a good laugh. What do you have in mind, Liam?
>> [15] > 4/5 - Liam, Marcus, David, Rachel
:: Liam : smirking : Behold! I've brought this Ouija board into the break room. We can conjure up spirits while waiting for our coffee. Let the supernatural showdown begin!
:: Marcus : enthusiastic : Now that's what I'm talking about! Let's channel our inner mystics and see who has the strongest connection to the other side.
:: David : chuckling : I can't believe I'm going along with this, but sure, why not? Let's see what the spirits have to say.
:: Rachel : skeptical : You guys are seriously going to try to talk to ghosts with a Ouija board? Whatever, as long as it doesn't interfere with my coffee break.
>> [11] > 3/4 - Carmen, David, Nia
:: Carmen : gossiping : Have you heard? Liam brought a Ouija board to the break room, and now people are competing to see who's the most psychic around here.
:: David : laughing : Yeah, I'm in on the madness. Who knew trying to contact the dead could liven up the office so much?
:: Nia : disapproving : This really isn't a productive use of company time, but I have to admit, it's been quite entertaining to see everyone let loose for a change.
>> [15] > 5/5 - Liam, Marcus, David, Rachel, Devika
:: Liam : eager : All right, everyone, gather 'round! Let's see what the spirits have to tell us today. Who knows, maybe we'll uncover some hidden talents among us.
:: Marcus : excited : I can't wait to see what we find, or rather, who we find. Prepare to be amazed, gang!
:: David : joking : If we end up talking to the ghost of an accountant, can they help us with our taxes?
:: Rachel : sarcastically : Yeah, because that's exactly what ghosts want to do – help us save money on taxes.
:: Devika : curious : I'm not a believer in this sort of thing, but it's fascinating to see how people get so caught up in it. I just hope nobody takes it too seriously.
>> [15] > 3/5 - Liam, Marcus, Rachel
:: Liam : excited : You know what, guys? I've been thinking we need a new way to spice up our work lives. Something to get everyone's blood pumping and really bring the office together. Who's up for a little paranormal challenge using that Ouija board in the break room?
:: Marcus : laughing : Liam, you devilish trickster! You really know how to stir the pot, don't you? But a Ouija board in the break room? Who knows what spirits we might awaken!
:: Rachel : hesitantly : I've never been one for supernatural stuff, but if it's just for fun, I might give it a shot. Who could resist a little excitement in this mundane office?
>> [11] > 3/4 - Carmen, David, Nia
:: Carmen : intrigued : So, Liam's got this idea to use a Ouija board in the break room to test our paranormal talents. Sounds crazy, right?
:: David : chuckling : Crazy? Absolutely! But so is dealing with the copier machine. Count me in for this wild psychic showdown. Can't wait to see what spirits have to say about my puns!
:: Nia : concerned : I'm not sure I'm comfortable with encouraging such superstitious behavior, but as long as it doesn't affect productivity, I suppose it's harmless enough. Just remember, we have work to do, people.
>> [18] > 3/3 - Devika, Arthur, Marko
:: Devika : eagerly : Guys, I heard about the Ouija board plan! I think it's a fantastic way to tap into our hidden potential. I'm definitely in!
:: Arthur : worried : Devika, are you sure it's wise to dabble in these supernatural matters? I wouldn't want Oddball Industries to be haunted by some unfriendly spirit.
:: Marko : grinning : Aw, come on, Art! Don't be such a scaredy-cat. We're just having a bit of fun. What could possibly go wrong, mate?
>> [15] > 5/5 - David, Sam, Marcus, Rachel, Carmen
:: David : excited : Alright, everyone, gather 'round! I have successfully channeled the spirit of none other than Princess Purrsalot, the cat ghost! Behold, her ethereal presence is among us.
:: Sam : nervous : Uh, are you sure this is a good idea? I mean, I'm not really a cat person, you know.
:: Marcus : chuckling : Oh, Sam, you're in for a treat! Princess Purrsalot is sure to give you a totally new perspective on feline spirits. Behold her otherworldly charm!
:: Rachel : sarcastic : Oh great, just what we needed, a haunted cat. Maybe we can do some cat-astrophic damage with this newfound paranormal knowledge.
:: Carmen : laughing : Oh, Rachel, your puns are just purr-fect! But seriously, let's see if our cat-fearing guardian here can bond with a ghost cat. It's going to be a meow-tain of fun!
>> [19] > 3/3 - Arthur, Liam, Nia
:: Arthur : concerned : Liam, I've been hearing rumors about this Ouija board session you've planned. Is it true? Are you all dabbling in the paranormal?
:: Liam : mischievous : Oh, come on, Art! It's all in good fun! We're just trying to see if we have any hidden supernatural talents. You know, like bending spoons with our minds and stuff.
:: Nia : skeptical : Liam, while it's all fun and games to you, we can't forget we're here to run a business. I don't think Art would like to see our office turned into a haunted house.
>> [15] > 5/5 - David, Sam, Marcus, Rachel, Carmen
:: David : earnest : Fear not, Sam! Princess Purrsalot is a magnanimous spirit. She brings good fortune and the power of levitating office supplies!
:: Sam : panicking : Levitating office supplies? Are you all trying to get me fired? I can't handle this!
:: Marcus : soothing : Relax, Sam, it's just a bit of otherworldly entertainment. We'll keep the ghostly shenanigans to a minimum, I promise.
:: Rachel : smirking : Yeah, we wouldn't want any pens to go flying and poke someone's eye out, now would we?
:: Carmen : giggling : Nope, we'd much rather save that for our next office prank war!
>> [19] > 3/3 - Arthur, Liam, Nia
:: Arthur : stern : Listen, Liam, while I can appreciate a bit of playful spirit – no pun intended – around here, I don't want Oddball Industries to become the next paranormal hotspot. Let's stick to our actual jobs, okay?
:: Liam : defeated : Alright, Art. I get it, no more Ouija board shenanigans. But it was worth a shot!
:: Nia : relieved : Thank you, Art. Now, let's get back to work and put this spectral nonsense behind us.
>> [18] > 3/3 - Nia, David, Carmen
:: Nia : confused : What on earth am I witnessing here? Is this some sort of supernatural tea party? 
:: David : nervously laughing : Oh, hey Nia! We were just, um, trying to make friends with Princess Purrsalot, the cat ghost. You know, the more spirits on our side, the better, right? 
:: Carmen : chuckling : Yeah, we figured that if we can't beat the competition with our brains, maybe some paranormal help would do the trick!
>> [11] > 4/4 - Liam, Marcus, Rachel, Devika
:: Liam : smirking : So guys, how's your spirit summoning going? I've managed to get in touch with a long-lost uncle who's got some hot stock tips!
:: Marcus : rolling eyes : Liam, you're always looking for shortcuts. We should be focusing on genuine connections with the spirits, not just trying to profit off them.
:: Rachel : sarcastically : Oh, because that's so much more reasonable, right? We're just chatting with ghosts in the break room like it's a normal Tuesday.
:: Devika : grinning : Yeah, next thing you know, we'll be having seances during our lunch break and summoning the ghost of Steve Jobs for product advice.
>> [15] > 5/5 - Arthur, Nia, David, Carmen, Marcus
:: Arthur : stern : Alright everyone, enough with these paranormal shenanigans! We need to focus on the work at hand.
:: Nia : relieved : Thank you, Arthur. It was getting a bit out of hand. Besides, we have more pressing matters to deal with, like our next quarter's revenue.
:: David : reluctant : You're right, Nia. I guess it's time to let go of our spectral friends and get back to reality.
:: Carmen : joking : Aww, but I was just getting used to having coffee with Casper the Friendly Ghost!
:: Marcus : smirking : Don't worry, Carmen. I'm sure our otherworldly pals will be watching over us, ready to lend a spectral hand when needed.
>> [11] > 4/4 - Nia, Marcus, Carmen, Liam
:: Nia : stern : Alright, everyone. We've had our fun with the Ouija boards and cat ghosts, but it's time to get back to reality. We have a company to run, and no amount of supernatural nonsense is going to save us from low revenues.
:: Marcus : chuckling : Well, it was worth a shot, wasn't it? Besides, I think we all learned something valuable about ourselves in the process. Like how I'm absolutely terrible at channeling spirits!
:: Carmen : amused : Or how we discovered Mike has a hidden talent for cat whispering. Who knew?
:: Liam : smirking : Sure, we got a bit carried away, but it's not every day you get to challenge yourself to a paranormal duel at work, right? I guess it's time to hang up my psychic hat and get back to making sales. 
>> [2] > 2/2 - David, Marko
:: David : laughing : I can't believe we actually let Liam talk us into that whole Ouija board fiasco. I mean, I almost convinced myself I could summon a cat ghost named Princess Purrsalot. How ridiculous is that?
:: Marko : grinning : Mate, it was a wild ride for everyone. But hey, at least we can say we tried something new, right? Now it's back to the grindstone for us. Although, I'm still not sure how Sam manages to be afraid of even ghost cats.
>> [19] > 3/3 - Art, Nia, Rachel
:: Art : concerned : So, Nia, you're saying that we're all done with the paranormal shenanigans? I want to make sure Oddball Industries doesn't get a reputation for being some sort of...ghostbusters office.
:: Nia : assertive : Yes, Art, I've made it clear to everyone that we need to focus on actual work and leave the supernatural games behind. We have a quarter to save, and we can't afford any more distractions.
:: Rachel : sheepish : I must admit, though, it's been fun seeing everyone so invested in something so out-of-the-box. I mean, who would've thought that Devika's sneeze would lead to all this mayhem?
:: Art : chuckling : Well, let's just hope we can put this behind us and learn from it. We've got a company to run, after all.