>> [19] > 3/3 - Art, Nia, David
:: Art : excited : Well folks, we just got the most unusual package today! Apparently, a dignitary from an advanced alien civilization is about to arrive for an urgent meeting at Oddball Industries! Can you believe it? We're making intergalactic connections!
:: Nia : skeptical : Art, are you sure this isn't some kind of prank? I mean, an alien ambassador visiting our humble office? 
:: David : chuckling : Maybe it's just another one of those wacky Oddball Industries fans trying to get our attention. Although, an alien visit could make for some interesting water cooler talk!
>> [11] > 4/4 - Liam, Marcus, Carmen, Rachel
:: Liam : smirking : So, I heard we're expecting some extraterrestrial company soon. You guys really think this is legit?
:: Marcus : ecstatic : I, for one, welcome our alien overlords! Just imagine the interstellar shenanigans we could get up to!
:: Carmen : playful : I've always wanted to start an intergalactic salsa dance party! Think they'd be up for it?
:: Rachel : giggling : Maybe we could introduce them to the wonders of internet memes and cat videos!
>> [18] > 3/3 - Devika, Marko, Sam
:: Devika : intrigued : What do you think their technology is like? I bet it's amazing! I wonder if they've conquered the world of quantum computing.
:: Marko : daydreaming : Oh, mate, can you just imagine the artistic possibilities? We could create holographic designs that are out of this world—literally!
:: Sam : deadpan : I'm more concerned about the security risks. How do we know these aliens aren't here to steal our secrets or take over the company?
>> [19] > 3/3 - Art, Nia, David
:: Art : determined : Regardless of what others may think, I believe this is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for Oddball Industries! Let's prepare for their arrival and show them what we're made of!
:: Nia : sighing : Fine, Art. We'll get the team ready for this...alien ambassador. But if this turns out to be a hoax, we're going to have a serious talk about gullibility.
:: David : grinning : I can already see the headlines: "Oddball Industries - The First Interstellar Software Company!" Let's hope they like our human sense of humor.
>> [11] > 4/4 - Marcus, David, Carmen, Liam
:: Marcus : excitedly : Alright guys, we don't have a lot of time! We need to create the most out-of-this-world welcome for our alien visitors! I'm thinking a holographic banner, and maybe we can find some of that "moon cheese" people talk about?
:: David : laughing : Moon cheese? Marcus, do you actually believe that's a thing? I mean, I'm all for a warm welcome, but let's not venture too far into the realms of absurdity.
:: Carmen : smirking : David, you've got to think bigger! This is our chance to impress the stars, literally! We could make a galactic playlist for the background music – our visitors should appreciate some Earth tunes, right?
:: Liam : skeptically : Hold on, are we seriously spending time and resources on this? Aren't we just setting ourselves up for disappointment when it turns out to be a hoax? I'm not so sure an interstellar software company is our best bet for success.
>> [17] > 2/2 - Rachel, Devika
:: Rachel : nervously : Devika, I've been trying to print out welcome signs in every language I can think of, but, um... I don't exactly know how to write in alien. What do you think their language might look like?
:: Devika : quizzically : Rachel, that's a bit of a stretch, isn't it? For all we know, they could communicate through interpretive dance or telepathy. But hey, let's have fun with it! Print some signs with random shapes and symbols. You never know, we might get lucky!
>> [15] > 5/5 - Nia, Art, Marko, Sam, Mike
:: Nia : reluctantly : Art, while I don't necessarily agree with this whole alien situation, I'll help organize this "welcoming party" for our guests. But if it turns out to be a hoax, we're going to have to find a way to save face.
:: Art : confidently : Nia, once we've forged a partnership with these aliens, Oddball Industries will be on the interstellar map! People will be begging to work with us, and we'll be the talk of the galaxy!
:: Marko : jokingly : So, Art, does that mean we get to take selfies with our new alien friends? I can already see the Instagram hashtags... #ExtraterrestrialBuddies and #SpacePals!
:: Sam : deadpan : As amusing as that sounds, Marko, I think we should focus on making sure our security protocols can handle visitors from another planet. We don't want intergalactic criminals on our hands.
:: Mike : chuckling : Oh, Sam, always the voice of reason. But you've got a point – better safe than sorry when it comes to aliens, right?
>> [18] > 3/3 - Nia, Carmen, Marcus
:: Nia : concerned : Oh my goodness, there are journalists gathering outside already. Is this really happening? I still can't wrap my head around the idea that we're about to welcome an "alien ambassador."
:: Carmen : excitedly : I know, right? I'm still not 100% sure this isn't just an elaborate prank, but can you imagine the headlines if it's true? "Oddball Industries hosts intergalactic peace talks!"
:: Marcus : laughing : Oh, we're definitely going viral with this one. I've never seen the office so hyped up about anything before. 
>> [11] > 4/4 - Liam, Art, David, Rachel
:: Liam : sarcastically : To think we're about to meet our interstellar neighbors, and all we've got is a holographic red carpet and some dodgy welcome signs. This'll go down in history, alright!
:: Art : dreamily : I know it sounds crazy, Liam, but just imagine... Oddball Industries could become the first software company to work with aliens. We'd be pioneers!
:: David : chuckling : Yeah, pioneers, Art... or just the next office space pinata for internet pranksters. I'm still on the fence about this whole thing.
:: Rachel : optimistically : Well, I think it's going to be a memorable day, regardless of the outcome! And hey, at least our "alien" symbols look convincing, right?
>> [5] > 3/3 - Nia, Carmen, Devika
:: Nia : nervously : Alright, the alien, or you know, "alien" is about to arrive. Devika, I hope you're ready to join Carmen and me in holding an impromptu press conference. 
:: Carmen : grinning : Oh, it's going to be a blast! If those journalists thought they were here for a boring software company meetup, they're in for a big surprise!
:: Devika : smirking : I can't wait to see the looks on their faces when they see the "alien" drone. Let's just hope it doesn't cause complete chaos.
>> [19] > 3/3 - Nia, Carmen, Art
:: Nia : hurriedly : Okay, everyone! The drone has arrived! It's truly bizarre, but we need to put on a show for these journalists. Art, are you ready to greet our "guest"?
:: Art : excitedly : I've never been more ready for anything in my life! Let's make history and greet this mysterious drone as if it were a true interstellar visitor.
:: Carmen : chuckling : Alright, let's do this! We'll become the internet sensation for at least 15 minutes, and who knows, maybe the real aliens will see it and pay us a visit!
>> [11] > 3/4 - Art, Nia, Carmen
:: Art : excited : Folks, I just heard from a reliable source that the technician behind that drone is actually here! This is our chance to make an even more significant splash online. We need to engage with this technician, put on a show, and milk this opportunity for all it's worth!
:: Nia : skeptical : Art, are you sure we want to ride this wave of internet notoriety? We should be careful not to go overboard with this. Our reputation is on the line, after all.
:: Carmen : grinning : Oh come on, Nia! Lighten up a bit. This is our chance to go viral and gain a whole new batch of fans. Plus, it's hilarious! We'll never know when we'll have another chance like this!
>> [3] > 2/3 - David, Liam
:: David : chuckling : So, Liam, are you ready to meet our new alien overlords? I've heard this technician is quite the character. I'm curious to see what kind of tech they've got up their sleeve. Who knows, maybe they'll let me take the drone for a spin!
:: Liam : smirking : Oh, absolutely, David. I can't wait to see what other shenanigans we can get into with this drone around. I'm sure the internet will eat it up. We might as well have some fun with it, right?
>> [8] > 3/3 - Marko, Marcus, Devika
:: Marko : excited : Guys, I'm designing some UFO-themed graphics to post on our social media accounts. This is the perfect opportunity to grab that internet spotlight. Any thoughts on what we should include to make it even more absurd and share-worthy?
:: Marcus : grinning : Let's add some cartoonish little green men, dancing around a smirking Oddball Industries logo! And sprinkles of interstellar dust, for that extra touch of cosmic ridiculousness.
:: Devika : giggling : Yes! And a conspiracy-theory-style collage of famous UFO sightings, with our office building photoshopped right in the middle! This is going to be hilarious and attract even more attention to Oddball Industries.
>> [20] > 4/6 - Rachel, Samantha, Michael, Liam
:: Rachel : excited : You guys, we're trending on Twitter! The whole world is watching our encounter with this drone and its mysterious technician. I can't believe we're becoming internet famous!
:: Samantha : serious : Just remember to keep your wits about you. We don't want to give away any sensitive company information during this chaotic time.
:: Michael : laughing : Oh, relax, Sam. It's all in good fun. Let's embrace our fifteen minutes of fame!
:: Liam : smirking : Agreed! And think about it, all this publicity could bring in new clients. We might as well enjoy the ride while it lasts.
>> [11] > 4/4 - Carmen, Marcus, Nia, David
:: Carmen : excited : Guys, have you seen our Twitter? We're blowing up! People think our "alien" drone stunt was a hilarious viral marketing campaign. It's like we've hit the internet jackpot!
:: Marcus : laughing : Absolutely, Carmen! We're the accidental darlings of the internet, and I say we ride this wave of fame all the way to the top. Who knew a drone could generate so much buzz?
:: Nia : cautiously optimistic : As long I don't have to keep explaining our little misstep to journalists, I'm fine with it! The extra publicity and the new clients we've signed might just be a silver lining.
:: David : chuckling : With our newfound notoriety, I've got so many puns circling in my head! We need to "drone" up some more ideas to make sure we stay in the public's eye!
>> [8] > 3/3 - Devika, Marko, Liam
:: Devika : conspiratorially : Marko, I think we can capitalize on this unexpected success. We should brainstorm more oddball stunts to keep Oddball Industries in the limelight!
:: Marko : grinning : Absolutely, mate! We've got to keep this party going. What if we create viral videos featuring floating laptops in the office, powered by "alien technology"?
:: Liam : skeptical : As long as you two don't forget that we still have a business to run. But hey, if we get more clients and attention, I'm all for it. Just make sure it doesn't blow up in our faces... again.
>> [18] > 3/3 - Rachel, Mike, Sam
:: Rachel : excitedly : Can you believe it, guys? All because of a drone and Art's gullibility, we're practically internet famous now! I bet some of our new fans are already waiting for our next stunt.
:: Mike : amused : Yeah, who would've thought? But, you know, it's great for our team's morale. We could use the extra fun, and if it brings in more customers, why not?
:: Sam : deadpan : Just remember, we here at security need to keep our focus. The next publicity stunt might not be a harmless drone, but an actual threat. Let's not get too carried away.