>> [19] > 2/3 - Art, David
:: Art : confused : David, I just got a notification on my phone saying my video has gone viral. What does that even mean? And why are people using the hashtag "#WhoAuthoredThePrank?"
:: David : amused : Uh, Art, it seems like you've unintentionally made an online prank video at the office, and now it's all over the internet! People are loving it, but they're also kinda freaking out about Oddball Industries being involved in it.
:: Art : panicking : What?! Oh no, this is a disaster! We can't have our company's name associated with miscreant behavior! We need to do something to clear our reputation.
:: David : chuckling : Yeah, Art, it's definitely time to put on our "damage control" hats and start brainstorming ways to fix this mess.
>> [11] > 4/4 - Nia, Marcus, Carmen, Rachel
:: Nia : frustrated : Guys, we just found out that a prank video Art made on company premises has gone viral. Now people are associating Oddball Industries with mischievous behavior. We need a plan to clear our name and fast.
:: Marcus : grinning : Well, Nia, looks like it's time for us to put on our superhero capes and save the company's reputation with some out-of-the-box thinking!
:: Carmen : sarcastically : Yeah, because that's just what we needed today – another challenge. But, hey, maybe we could spin it into a positive somehow?
:: Rachel : excited : I have an idea! We could host an online event or something that shows the company in a more positive light. Like a charity fundraiser or a community service project.
>> [22] > 3/3 - Nia, Art, Liam
:: Nia : determined : Art, we need a well-thought-out solution, not just a wild idea. We suggest hosting an online event or fundraiser to help clear our name and show that Oddball Industries is about more than just pranks.
:: Art : considering : Hmm, that's not a bad idea, Nia. But we need to make sure it doesn't backfire and make us look even worse.
:: Liam : confidently : Leave it to me, guys! I've got a knack for spinning things in our favor. We'll find a way to turn this prank fiasco into a win for Oddball Industries!
>> [19] > 3/3 - Art, Nia, Marcus
:: Art : panicked : What have I done? My innocent prank video has turned the whole company into a laughing stock! We've got to clear our name, guys! I'm thinking something extravagant, maybe a parade or... a skywriting apology?
:: Nia : stern : Art, hold on a sec. We don't want to overreact here, and we definitely don't want to make things worse. Maybe we should just take a moment, sit down, and come up with a more sensible solution together.
:: Marcus : amused : Even if we go the way of the skywriting apology, I wouldn't be surprised if someone in town left a review asking if we were confessing to crop circles as well!
>> [11] > 4/4 - Rachel, David, Carmen, Liam
:: Rachel : worried : This whole prank meme trend is getting way out of hand! I just got a call from my aunt asking if I knew a "Scooter Braun" because she heard he might sue us!
:: David : chuckling : I bet Scooter himself would get a kick out of that rumor! The poor guy's probably just trying to enjoy a quiet day at home, but now he's unwittingly become part of our Oddball drama.
:: Carmen : sarcastic : Well, you know what they say: there's no such thing as bad publicity! Maybe we can use this hot mess to our advantage, like launching a new product line called "Prank Dawgz: For the Mischievous at Heart."
:: Liam : smirking : Oh, Carmen, that's brilliant! We could sell shirts with our faces on them, with a slogan like "Oddball Industries: We Put the 'Fun' in Dysfunction!" This could be a goldmine!
>> [22] > 3/3 - Nia, Art, Marcus
:: Nia : determined : Alright, everyone, let's get serious. We need to come up with a well-thought-out plan to deal with this prank meme mess. I want each one of you to put forward your best ideas for how we can win back our reputation and make Oddball Industries respected once again.
:: Art : contemplative : You're right, Nia, it's time to buckle down and prove to the world that we're more than just a company of pranksters. Let's put our heads together and work on this as a team.
:: Marcus : inspired : I've got an idea! Why don't we create a viral video of our own, but this time it's about us helping the community or doing some good deeds? We can show the world that we're not all about pranks and mischief but are a socially responsible company too.
>> [11] > 4/4 - Art, Nia, Marcus, Carmen
:: Art : excited : So, we're really doing this then, a telethon? I've never been a part of one, but if we're going all out, let's make it epic! Let's get some big names and a few surprises.
:: Nia : determined : Absolutely, Art. We need to make this telethon one for the ages, to overshadow the prank meme and remind people what Oddball Industries is really about.
:: Marcus : grinning : Oh, I have some ideas! How about inviting that guy who does online comedy sketches, and maybe a popular Twitch streamer? We could get them to do live performances!
:: Carmen : thrilled : And a surprise musical guest, of course! Let's aim for the stars! The bigger, the better! 
>> [15] > 5/5 - Liam, David, Devika, Rachel, Marko
:: Liam : boasting : I've already started working on my act, it's going to be a hilarious stand-up set full of office humor that'll have everyone in stitches!
:: David : chuckling : Knowing you, Liam, I'm sure it'll be a bit embellished, but I bet it'll still be funny. I'll be doing some improv with a few other coworkers, so we'll add to the laughter too.
:: Devika : thoughtful : I think it would be cool to do a live coding challenge, maybe I could code a small game on the spot, and the audience could play it online.
:: Rachel : excited : That's such a unique idea, Devika! I was thinking of doing a live interactive quiz, with the audience submitting questions, and whoever gets the most right wins some company swag!
:: Marko : grinning : I'll do a live painting while beatboxing! It'll be a visual and auditory masterpiece!
>> [19] > 3/3 - Art, Nia, T-Pain
:: Art : perplexed : So, T-Pain, tell me more about these Canadian and Armenian influences on hip-hop. I never would have guessed those connections existed!
:: T-Pain : knowledgeable : Well, Art, there are some amazing Canadian and Armenian artists who have had a huge impact on the hip-hop scene. They bring in elements of their own culture, which enriches the genre, you know?
:: Nia : impressed : That's fascinating, T-Pain. We're so glad to have you as part of our telethon, and we look forward to learning more about the diverse influences in hip-hop today.
>> [11] > 4/4 - Marko, Liam, Nia, Carmen
:: Marko : excited : So guys, I have this amazing idea for an art piece during the telethon. I'm thinking of creating a live, multi-story artwork that captures the essence of this crazy event. I'll be working on it throughout the telethon, giving the audience a visual representation of our journey back to fame.
:: Liam : laughing : Oh, that's brilliant, Marko! Now, you know what could really add some flair to this event? I heard Nia talking about some "glitch yoga." I think I'll give it a shot on stage. We want this telethon to be as ridiculous and entertaining as possible, right?
:: Nia : chuckling : Liam, you really misunderstood me! I said "pitch yoga" as in throwing ideas around. But you know what? Glitch yoga sounds hilarious. Go for it, and maybe you'll start a new trend!
:: Carmen : amused : This is going to be a wild ride! I can't wait to see how this all unfolds. I just hope we don't end up creating any more internet memes. Oh, and speaking of wild, did you hear that Devika scored an interview with a celebrity pooch?
>> [3] > 3/3 - Devika, David, Rachel
:: Devika : confused : Guys, I've made a huge mistake. Instead of grabbing the celebrity dog, Gladys, for my interview, I accidentally interviewed...shampoo? How did this even happen? My scatterbrained ways have gotten the best of me once again!
:: David : laughing : Well, on the bright side, that's bound to be a memorable interview! Maybe you can spin it into a hilarious "Shampoo vs. Celebrity Pooch" segment. The audience will be in stitches!
:: Rachel : grinning : I can just see the headlines now: "Oddball Industries: Home of the Shampoo Interview." Honestly, this telethon is turning out to be the perfect way to showcase our company's quirky nature.
>> [20] > 3/3 - Art, T-Pain, Marcus
:: Art : in awe : I can't believe T-Pain is here at our telethon! So, T-Pain, tell us about the Canadian and Armenian influences in modern hip-hop history. I never would have guessed that connection, but then again, we're all about the unexpected here at Oddball Industries!
:: T-Pain : knowledgeable : Sure thing, Art! Well, artists like Drake from Canada and Armenian-American producers like AraabMuzik have made a significant impact in the hip-hop scene. They've infused their unique cultural backgrounds into the music, creating some fresh and innovative sounds.
:: Marcus : impressed : That's truly fascinating! Just like our telethon's wild mix of acts, it seems like hip-hop is always evolving and embracing diverse influences. Perhaps our shampoo interview could be the next big thing in the music industry!
:: T-Pain : amused : Who knows, Marcus? Stranger things have happened in the music world. Oddball Industries sure knows how to throw a telethon. Keep up the good work, guys!
>> [15] > 4/5 - Art, Nia, Devika, David
:: Art : elated : I can't believe the telethon was such a success! I never thought I'd become a beloved public figure again. Thank you, everyone! I think we should celebrate by planting peanuts mixed with paprika, just for the heck of it!
:: Nia : amused : That sounds like a fitting celebration, Art. We've certainly earned some fun after all the hard work we put into the telethon. I don't think I'll ever forget Liam's "glitch yoga" or Devika interviewing shampoo.
:: Devika : chuckling : In my defense, I thought I was interviewing a celebrity dog named Shampoo. It was an honest mistake, but it did add to the entertainment factor!
:: David : laughing : It's not every day you see a shampoo bottle take center stage in a live show. Let's take this wacky Oddball energy and spread it to the rest of the world by planting those peanuts and paprika!
>> [13] > 3/3 - Carmen, Marcus, Rachel
:: Carmen : excited : Hey, guys! Did you hear about the telethon? We've become internet sensations overnight! We should celebrate in some quirky way, like planting peanuts mixed with paprika!
:: Marcus : ecstatic : I love that idea, Carmen! We can make it a new Oddball Industries tradition, and every time we have a success, we'll plant some peanuts and paprika. That'll be our mark on the world!
:: Rachel : grinning : I'll get started on printing up some aprons with "#WeForgiveOddball" on them! We can wear them while we plant our peanuts and paprika, and take some pictures to show our followers that we know how to have a good time.
>> [11] > 4/4 - Liam, Marko, Sam, Mike
:: Liam : proud : So, guys, what do you think about the success of our telethon? I think my glitch yoga performance was the highlight of the show, even if it was...unintended. The internet sure is loving it!
:: Marko : joking : Liam, your glitch yoga was a sight to behold! I think it'll become the next viral challenge. As for my live art piece, the internet seems to appreciate the chaos we managed to create on stage.
:: Sam : smirking : The telethon was definitely entertaining, and I'm glad that we were able to clear Oddball Industries' name. But now, let's focus on our next project: planting peanuts mixed with paprika!
:: Mike : chuckling : That's an oddly specific way to celebrate, but sure, let's do it! It's definitely on-brand for us here at Oddball Industries.