>> [5] > 2/3 - Devika, Carmen
:: Devika : animated : Carmen, you won't believe what I just overheard! Apparently, there's this eccentric artist donating a sculpture of our dear Harambe to the local zoo. She even claims Harambe visits her in her dreams! This is incredible, don't you think?
:: Carmen : amused : Dreams, you say? Well, that sounds like quite the artistic inspiration. I mean, who wouldn't want to be visited by the spirit of Harambe?
:: Devika : excited : I'm so fascinated by this! I think I'm going to share some Harambe wisdom with the entire office. It's time we all reconnect with the memory of the great Harambe.
>> [1] > 4/4 - Rachel, Nia, Marcus, David
:: Rachel : checking phone : Why is Devika suddenly flooding the group chat with all this Harambe wisdom? Did I miss something?
:: Nia : chuckling : I'm not quite sure, but it's oddly entertaining. It's bringing back all those internet memes of yesteryear.
:: Marcus : grinning : Ah, Harambe... our sweet, newly-resurrected prince. What a hoot! I'm totally on board with this sudden wave of gorilla wisdom.
:: David : laughing : Not gonna lie, I kinda missed all the Harambe jokes. Guess it's time to unpeel the past and let the bananas hit the fan!
>> [11] > 4/4 - Marko, Liam, Samantha, Michael
:: Marko : laughing : Mate, have you seen this? Devika's gone full-on gorilla mode in the group chat. It's bananas!
:: Liam : smirking : Yeah, it looks like we're all aboard the Harambe train now. Next stop, Gorilla City!
:: Samantha : sarcastically : Fantastic, just what we needed. More memes and distractions. As if keeping these people in check wasn't enough of a challenge.
:: Michael : joining in : Well, I don't know about y'all, but I for one welcome our gorilla overlord's wisdom. Maybe there's some hidden genius in those memes.
>> [3] > 3/3 - Devika, David, Rachel
:: Devika : proudly : I'm glad I could brighten everyone's day with some Harambe wisdom. I mean, it's important to honor our gorilla king, right?
:: David : playing along : Oh, absolutely! The office could use a bit of Harambe's guiding light. I mean, what's more important than a meme-ified gorilla's sage advice?
:: Rachel : sarcastically : Right, because nothing screams "enlightenment" like a gorilla meme. But hey, if it sparks a bit of fun, who am I to judge?
>> [2] > 2/2 - Liam, David
:: Liam : animated : You know, David, I never thought I'd say this, but I'm really getting behind this Harambe fun. We should have more events like this around here, don't ya think?
:: David : chuckling : I guess you're right, Liam. It's definitely shaking things up around the office. Plus, who doesn't like goofing off and reminiscing about childhood memes? But let's not forget the true spirit of Harambe.
>> [11] > 3/4 - Rachel, Devika, Marko
:: Rachel : sarcastic : Devika, I must say that your Harambe wisdom is certainly stirring the pot around here. Who knew our dear departed gorilla friend had such a following in the office?
:: Devika : enthusiastic : Oh, Rachel, it's all in the name of fun and nostalgia! I never expected it to go this far, but sometimes you just have to embrace the madness, you know?
:: Marko : laughing : You've got a point, Devika. We're all just here for a good laugh and a chance to break the routine. Speaking of which, I've got a joke for you: Why did the gorilla go to therapy? Because he had a monkey on his back!
>> [19] > 2/3 - Art, Marcus
:: Art : curious : Marcus, I hear there's quite a buzz around this Harambe thing you've started. What's your endgame, my boy? Do you really think this will help boost morale?
:: Marcus : grinning : Art, my dear friend, sometimes a little chaos is just what the doctor ordered. It brings people together and gives them a much-needed break from the daily grind. Plus, it's all in good fun, and who knows? It might just spark a newfound appreciation for gorillas around here!
>> [1] > 4/4 - Nia, Carmen, Samantha, Rachel
:: Nia : intrigued : I must admit, this whole Harambe mania is certainly entertaining. Strange, but entertaining.
:: Carmen : enthusiastic : I'm all for it! It's a great way to bond with our coworkers and have a good laugh. You know what they say, laughter is the best medicine!
:: Samantha : skeptical : I suppose, but I can't help but feel that this is a bit... ridiculous. A gorilla-themed party? Really?
:: Rachel : smirking : Well, Samantha, it might be ridiculous, but it's also a lot of fun. Besides, it's not every day that you get to see your coworkers go bananas over a meme from years ago!
>> [15] > 5/5 - Rachel, David, Marcus, Liam, Nia
:: Rachel : exasperated : You guys, I just found out something truly shocking about the eccentric artist who claims Harambe visits her in her dreams! Turns out, she has no actual connection with gorilla society at all! We've been chasing a wild goose here, or should I say, a wild gorilla?
:: David : chuckling : I knew it! I mean, come on, who could really have a connection with gorilla society? What would that even look like? "Hey, buddy, wanna grab a banana and chat about the latest in gorilla politics?"
:: Marcus : dramatically : And just like that, the mighty Harambe bubble is burst! It was a wild, strange, and oddly profound ride, but I suppose all things must come to an end.
:: Liam : smirking : Rachel, my dear, we didn't buy into this for some deep connection to gorilla society. We were just having a bit of fun, embracing the chaos, and bonding with our fellow Oddball family members. It's the journey that matters, not the destination.
:: Nia : nodding : I have to agree with Liam here. It's important for us to let loose every now and then, even if it's over something as absurd as a mythical gorilla whisperer. At the end of the day, we'll look back on this and have a good laugh.
>> [18] > 3/3 - Art, Carmen, Devika
:: Art : chuckling : Seems like the Harambe fever is coming to an end, hmm? I must admit, it was quite entertaining seeing everyone come together like that over something so bizarre.
:: Carmen : grinning : Oh, it was a blast, Art! Sometimes, the weirdest and most unexpected things can bring people closer together. I mean, what other company can say that they bonded over a gorilla-themed office party?
:: Devika : smiling : Yeah, it was wild and crazy, but it actually made me appreciate my coworkers more. Seeing everyone get so passionate and engaged over something so strange just reminds me that we're all a bunch of oddballs. And that's exactly what makes this company so special.
>> [11] > 4/4 - Rachel, Liam, Nia, Marcus
:: Rachel : chuckling : I mean, who would have thought our entire office would go ape over a gorilla's wisdom? And now, we are debating the merits of believing in the spirit of Harambe. The things that bring us together, eh?
:: Liam : laughing : Absolutely, Rachel! It's nuts, but that's what makes Oddball Industries so special. We have this uncanny ability to turn the mundane into a fantastic adventure.
:: Nia : smirking : You know, I have to admit, it's been quite an interesting day. You've got to give it to the team - they sure know how to make a potentially dull workday into something that we'll all remember for years to come.
:: Marcus : grinning : Indeed! There's nothing like a little bit of Harambe madness to unite the office in the most unexpected ways! It's like we've unearthed a hidden treasure trove of camaraderie and mutual understanding, thanks to our beloved late primate.
>> [18] > 3/3 - Art, David, Carmen
:: Art : chortling : I must say, I've never seen this office so full of life and energy over a gorilla! It's like we've discovered some sort of secret sauce that brings people together, even in the strangest of ways.
:: David : snickering : You're right, Art! But I think it's also got to do with the characters we have here at Oddball Industries. Give them a bizarre topic to bond over, and they'll turn it into something legendary!
:: Carmen : giggling : Absolutely! It's proof that we all thrive on the oddball spirit that runs through the veins of this company. I'm just grateful to be part of this wacky family!
>> [7] > 2/2 - Devika, Marko
:: Devika : winking : Marko, who would have thought that my innocent little message about Harambe would turn into such a catalyst for unity and hilarity? We opened a whole can of worms, didn't we?
:: Marko : chuckling : Ah, Devika, it's been a wild ride for sure! I think it's moments like these that truly remind us that we are part of something unique and bizarre, just like the legends of the mighty Harambe himself!
>> [15] > 3/5 - Rachel, Marcus, Liam
:: Rachel : dramatically : Can you believe this? I've embraced the cryptogorillic reality, and it's incredible! Who knew our lives could be so enhanced by the wisdom of a gorilla?
:: Marcus : chuckling : I'm glad you've seen the light, Rachel! The spirit of Harambe truly brings us together in the strangest of ways. Cheers to the universal bosoms that nourish our ever-doused lives!
:: Liam : smirking : We've transcended to new heights of oddball insanity, that's for sure.
>> [11] > 4/4 - David, Nia, Carmen, Art
:: David : sarcastically : This place has turned into a safari park, and I love it. We should just replace our desks with trees and communicate with gorilla grunts.
:: Nia : laughing : As long as those grunts follow a solid business strategy, I'm on board. But seriously, this madness will remain a testimony to our unique company culture.
:: Carmen : grinning : It's a wild ride, but I'm loving every minute of it! It's these quirky moments that truly make us an Oddball family.
:: Art : nodding : That's the spirit, my fellow oddballs! Let's embrace the gorilla chaos and treasure the camaraderie it brings us.
>> [20] > 3/6 - Devika, Marko, Sam
:: Devika : excitedly : The plugfarm experiments are almost complete, and soon we'll unleash an epic brownout upon the office! Are you ready for the grand finale?
:: Marko : grinning : Oh, I'm ready! Let's turn this office into a true cryptogorillic wonderland, and solidify our place in office folklore!
:: Sam : rolling her eyes : As long as it doesn't compromise the security of the building, I guess I can't complain too much. Just... be careful with those experiments, okay?