>> [11] > 4/4 - Marcus, Art, Liam, Carmen
:: Marcus : frantic : Guys, you won't believe this fortune I just got from this cookie! It says, "Beware the ides of tweets, for doom shall arise from the trending of unfortunate memes." Is that not a bit too specific and relevant to us? I can't help but think that our Oddball Industries might be on the brink of something terrible. Should we be worried?
:: Art : surprised : Whoa, whoa, let's not get carried away, Marcus. Fortune cookies are just gimmicks, right? They probably just whipped up a random trending topic and slapped it onto something ominous-sounding to get our attention.
:: Liam : sarcastically : Yeah, I'm sure it's just some sort of inside joke among the fortune cookie writers. You know, like that time they put "You will be crushed by a giant duck today" in one of their cookies, and we all panicked and wore duck-proof helmets for a week.
:: Carmen : laughing : Oh, that was a classic! But seriously, Marcus, even if it's not just some joke, what are the odds of this fortune actually coming true? I mean, we've all seen some wild stuff on the internet before, but I haven't heard of any doom-inducing memes yet. 
>> [2] > 2/2 - Nia, Rachel
:: Nia : concerned : So, I heard about that fortune cookie Marcus found. Do you think there's any truth to it? I mean, it's pretty absurd, but it does seem oddly specific...
:: Rachel : dismissive : Oh, come on, Nia! It's just a ridiculous fortune. Who knows what those fortune cookie writers are thinking? Besides, we've got real work to get done. Let's not get distracted by some silly prediction.
>> [15] > 5/5 - Art, Nia, Marcus, Liam, Carmen
:: Art : trying to keep calm : Alright, let's all settle down, everyone. We've got an office to run here. Yes, the fortune cookie is weird, but let's not let it get in the way of our work. Besides, maybe it's just a sign that we should all be more mindful of our online presence.
:: Nia : nodding : I agree with Art. It's important to remember that the internet can be a wild and unpredictable place. So regardless of any fortune cookie predictions, we should always be careful about what memes we share and what trends we engage in.
:: Marcus : still worried : You're both right, but I can't help but feel uneasy. I'm going to stay vigilant, just in case this fortune turns out to be more than just a joke.
:: Liam : smirking : Oh, I'm sure the internet will let us know if impending doom is truly upon us. Just keep an eye on those cat videos, Marcus. They seem to know everything.
:: Carmen : chuckling : Yeah, don't worry, Marcus. We'll all be on the lookout for any meme-induced catastrophes. Now, let's get back to work and leave this fortune cookie madness behind us.
>> [11] > 4/4 - Devika, Marko, Carmen, Liam
:: Devika : worried : Has anyone here seen that Twitter trend about the impending doom? I can't stop checking it, and it's making me feel really uneasy. It's like that fortune cookie Marcus got could actually be on to something!
:: Marko : jokingly : Oh, come on Devika, it's probably just a viral meme that's creating a panic for no reason. We've seen it happen before, haven't we? Remember the time everyone freaked out about the world ending in 2012?
:: Carmen : smirking : I must admit, I'm also guilty of checking my phone a little too often today. But you're right Marko, we shouldn't let it get to us too much. We still have work to do, after all. 
:: Liam : half-serious : Although, what if there's some truth to it? What if there's something we've done that's set off a chain reaction of disastrous events? We could be the ones who caused our own demise, and we wouldn't even know it! Maybe we should come up with an escape plan in case things go south?
>> [22] > 2/3 - Nia, Rachel
:: Nia : concerned : Rachel, have you been noticing the weird vibes in the office today? I can't help but feel that everyone is on edge because of this fortune cookie and Twitter trend nonsense. It's starting to affect productivity.
:: Rachel : gossiping : Oh, Nia! You wouldn't believe what I overheard at the water cooler earlier. Carmen, Liam, and Marcus are actually discussing escape plans in case this catastrophe comes true! Can you imagine? Our very own Oddballs, prepping for the apocalypse triggered by a fortune cookie!
>> [14] > 2/2 - Liam, Marcus
:: Liam : smirking : So, Marcus, now that we know we might be facing impending doom, what's your grand escape plan? I've always wondered how you'd face the end of the world.
:: Marcus : theatrically : Ah, my dear Liam! I shall reveal to you my master plan! I shall gather all the memes, viral tweets, and conspiracy theories in the world and combine them into a magnificent vortex of internet culture. Using this vortex, I'll create a protective shield around us and ride the wave of internet chaos to safety!
:: Liam : laughing : Oh, Marcus! That has to be the most absurd escape plan I've ever heard. But I must admit, it's also the most entertaining!
>> [19] > 3/3 - Art, Liam, David
:: Art : nervously : You know, I never thought I'd see the day when a fortune cookie takes over the office. The paranoia is so thick, you could cut it with a knife! Have either of you seen that Doomsday Twitter trend? It's unnerving...
:: Liam : smirking : Oh, you mean the one where everyone's supposed to buy 50 gallons of milk and pour it into a kiddie pool to prepare for the end of the world? Yeah, I've seen it. People will believe anything these days, won't they? 
:: David : chuckling : Well, I've heard worse Doomsday scenarios. I mean, who wouldn't want to take a milky bath in the face of Armageddon? Better than panicking, right?
>> [16] > 7/7 - Art, Nia, Rachel, Devika, Marcus, Carmen, Liam
:: Art : pacing : Alright, everyone, I've called this emergency meeting because of the paranoia that's gripped our beloved Oddball Industries. It seems that a fortune cookie and a Twitter trend have us all fearing the worst.
:: Nia : rolling her eyes : Art, do we really need to indulge this hysteria? I mean, it's just a fortune cookie and a silly Twitter trend. We have work to do.
:: Marcus : dramatically : But what if the fortune cookie is right? What if we're trapped in a meme's reality and the end is nigh? I don't want to go down with just a sad trombone sound as my legacy!
:: Devika : sarcastically : Oh, come on! As a developer, I've seen my fair share of fake news and viral hoaxes. This is just another one of those. Can we get back to work now?
:: Rachel : chiming in : But what if it's not a hoax, Devika? What if our collective bad decisions and incompetence have finally come back to haunt us in the form of milk-filled kiddie pools and doom?
>> [11] > 4/4 - Carmen, David, Sam, Marko
:: Carmen : trying to lighten the mood : You know what? If the world is ending, at least we'll go out in a blaze of glory, or you know... with milky skin from that milk bath! I've always wanted to try one of those.
:: David : laughing : Hey, if the milk bath doesn't work, we can always have a pudding party! I've heard that's a great way to bond with your coworkers before the apocalypse.
:: Sam : deadpan : You're all insane. This is a waste of time. Can we please get back to work and stop entertaining this absurdity? 
:: Marko : grinning : Aw, come on, Sam! Loosen up a bit! We're just having a laugh. Anyway, do you even know how hard it is to find a kiddie pool these days? It's not like we'll all be doing it anyway.
>> [11] > 4/4 - Marcus, Art, David, Liam
:: Marcus : exaggerated : I've bought all the canned food I could get my hands on, enough to last us for months! We need to be ready for anything!
:: Art : sarcasm : Oh, Marcus... I'm sure we'll survive the great Twitter Doomsday just fine with all these cans of beans and corn.
:: David : chuckling : So, did you manage to stock up on any pudding, Marcus? It's essential for our survival, you know.
:: Liam : feigning panic : Don't forget the milk baths! We can't endure this catastrophe without proper self-care!
>> [15] > 5/5 - Carmen, Nia, Rachel, Devika, Marko
:: Carmen : in disbelief : I can't believe we're actually entertaining the idea of a meme-inspired Armageddon...
:: Nia : sternly : Everyone, we need to get a grip and stop feeding into this madness. We have work to do!
:: Rachel : lightheartedly : You know, I heard cat videos can ward off bad luck, maybe we should try that?
:: Devika : sarcastically : Oh, absolutely! Let's watch fluffy kittens instead of working. That'll save Oddball Industries!
:: Marko : grinning : Well, at least it'll give us a good laugh before we meet our doom, right?
>> [7] > 2/2 - Devika, Samantha
:: Devika : sighing : I never thought I'd see the day when everyone loses their minds over a tweet.
:: Samantha : seriously : We need to stay focused and not let this nonsense affect our work.
>> [18] > 3/3 - Nia, Rachel, David
:: Nia : frustrated : We had a whole day wasted on this paranoia. We need to accept in the end, it's just a fortune cookie and a silly tweet!
:: Rachel : relieved : You're right, Nia. We should all just get back to work and forget about this madness.
:: David : chuckling : I'm just glad I didn't invest in that bunker somebody was selling online.
>> [19] > 3/3 - Art, Carmen, David
:: Art : exasperated : You know, it really shouldn't take a fortune cookie and an internet trend to remind us that sometimes, we let our fears and imagination run a bit wild. Haven't any of y'all heard of deja-vu lapanopheia or uncommon coincidences? Just because something seems like a dreadful omen, doesn't mean it's actually true!
:: Carmen : chuckling : You know, Art, you're right. I think we all got a little too wrapped up in the drama of it all. I mean, who hasn't felt a little bit like the world is ending when they see some crazy meme or conspiracy theory online? But, we should have known better.
:: David : laughing : I've got to admit, I was pretty convinced for a minute there that we were all doomed. But, I guess the internet has a way of making everything seem more dramatic than it really is. We should probably get back to work now and focus on what really matters – like making sure we don't accidentally trip over anything in the office!
>> [11] > 4/4 - Nia, Marcus, Rachel, Liam
:: Nia : amused : Well, that was quite the wild ride! But, let's take this as a lesson to not let internet trends and superstitions distract us from our actual work. We have goals to achieve and clients to satisfy, and we can't let ourselves be influenced by every little thing we see online.
:: Marcus : nodding : Absolutely, Nia. And if I may add, this experience has shown us that a little bit of humor and laughter can go a long way in easing tension in the office. After all, laughter is the best medicine, right?
:: Rachel : giggling : That's true, Marcus! I think we all needed a good laugh today. I just hope we can keep our cool the next time the internet throws a curveball our way.
:: Liam : smirking : Yeah, but let's be honest. With the way things are going, we'll probably have another internet crisis on our hands before lunchtime tomorrow.
>> [16] > 5/7 - Devika, Marko, Sam, Mike, Art
:: Devika : relieved : I'm glad we can finally put this whole fortune cookie debacle behind us and get back to our work. Honestly, we should have known better than to take it so seriously.
:: Marko : grinning : You're right, Devika. But you know what they say, "A little nonsense now and then is relished by the wisest men." Or, in our case, the Oddball Industries crew!
:: Sam : sarcastic : Oh, great! A new motto for us! I'll be sure to remember that the next time we're huddling in fear over some internet trend.
:: Mike : chuckling : Come on, Sam. Lighten up. It's not every day we get to experience the end of the world, even if it's just in our heads.
:: Art : content : That's the spirit, everyone! Now, let's get back to work and make the most of this Armageddon-free afternoon, shall we?