>> [19] > 3/3 - Art, Nia, Liam
:: Art : flustered : Blast it, Nia! Liam! Get in here right now! I've just stumbled upon a CNN segment that's airing our dirty laundry, revealing our...questionable...business practices! And I've come to the only logical conclusion available - there's a traitor in our midst, spilling secrets like a faucet!
:: Nia : skeptical : Art, are you sure you've got the facts straight? It might not be an inside job. Plus, we've got to be careful about jumping to conclusions and starting a witch hunt. We don't want to create panic in the office.
:: Liam : smirking : Yeah, Art, maybe it's just a big misunderstanding, or they're talking about another company with the same name. You know, like that time I accidentally sent our quarterly reports to Oddball Toys.
>> [15] > 5/5 - Art, Nia, Liam, Carmen, David
:: Art : determined : Attention everyone! As you may or may not know, we've got a situation on our hands! I'm calling an emergency meeting! If you care about this company, you'll start acting like bloodhounds and sniff out the weasel who's trying to bring us down!
:: David : chuckling : Oof, Art, that sounds like a serious case of betrayal! But what if instead of a weasel, it's a squirrel? You know, the one that keeps sneaking into the office and stealing our snacks? Maybe he's the mastermind behind all of this!
:: Carmen : sarcastically : Oh, absolutely, David. It's definitely the squirrel. I bet he's got a little squirrel-sized laptop hidden in his nest, where he sends encrypted emails to the media.
:: Liam : jokingly : And don't forget the mini squirrel-sized coffee cup to keep him awake during his late-night leaking sessions!
:: Nia : firmly : Alright, enough joking around, everyone. We need to get to the bottom of this. Art, maybe you should gather more information before we start pointing fingers. Misguided accusations won't do us any good.
>> [11] > 4/4 - Rachel, Devika, Marcus, Marko
:: Rachel : gossiping : Can you believe what's going on? Apparently, we've got a traitor in our midst. Art's gone off the deep end! He's convinced that someone's leaking company secrets to CNN.
:: Devika : doubtful : Seriously? That's ridiculous! I can't believe he's jumping to conclusions like that. It could just be a coincidence, or maybe it's just old news that's resurfaced.
:: Marko : half-joking : Or maybe it's that sneaky squirrel everyone keeps talking about! He's been giving me the side-eye lately. I think he's plotting something...
:: Marcus : laughing : A squirrel, you say? Oh, how scandalous. Perhaps it's time we set up a sting operation and expose the furry culprit once and for all!
>> [11] > 4/4 - Marcus, David, Carmen, Nia
:: Marcus : grinning : So, have we decided who is on the retaliatory hacking team? I vote for David! He seems to have a knack for creating viral memes.
:: David : sarcastically : Thanks for the vote of confidence, Marcus. But I think my experience in creating memes with a certain squirrel might be better suited for another project. Besides, I don't know the first thing about hacking.
:: Carmen : smirking : I don't think any of us do, but that doesn't mean we can't try, right? We just need to find someone who knows how to do it and get them on our side. But first, we need to address this food delivery mix-up. I mean, who ordered 20 pizzas and forgot to get the right toppings?
:: Nia : chuckling : That would be a good question for Liam, our fearless Director of Sales. Anyways, jokes aside, we need to focus on proving our loyalty and finding the traitor, because it seems Art is dead set on catching someone. Let's keep our wits about us and try not to fall into any squirrely traps, shall we?
>> [7] > 2/2 - Devika, Rachel
:: Rachel : hesitantly : Hey Devika, I know you're busy, but any thoughts on the whole leaker situation? Some people are starting to get a bit paranoid, and there's talk of hacking into CNN to retaliate or something.
:: Devika : chuckling : Isn't that a bit extreme? I mean, if we go around hacking CNN, we'll only make ourselves look more guilty. I'd rather not waste my time on something that might just make things worse. My advice? Let's all just stay calm and focus on our work. If there really is a leaker, they'll be found eventually.
>> [6] > 3/3 - Liam, Marcus, Carmen
:: Liam : defensively : Look, I just wanted to get lunch for everyone as a peace offering. It's not my fault someone forgot to include the right toppings! Besides, are we sure we want to hack into CNN? What if we get caught? 
:: Marcus : smirking : Oh, come on, Liam. Where's your sense of adventure? Besides, we wouldn't be hacking anything too serious – just replacing their top headlines with something hilariously absurd yet obviously false. It would be a digital masterpiece!
:: Carmen : amused : I have to admit, that does sound pretty entertaining. But we need to be careful not to make the situation worse. The last thing we need is for everyone's paranoia to go through the roof.
>> [11] > 3/4 - Art, Nia, Carmen
:: Art : frazzled : I can't believe we've been running around like headless chickens when the answer was right in front of us! I never should've doubted you all!
:: Nia : exasperated : Art, it's alright. We should've been more careful before jumping to conclusions. I guess we were all just paranoid about looking disloyal.
:: Carmen : chuckling : Well, at least we know we're all very committed to Oddball Industries! So committed, in fact, we were ready to throw each other under the bus!
>> [18] > 3/3 - Liam, Rachel, Marcus
:: Liam : sheepish : Hey guys, sorry about stepping on the tablet earlier. But look at the bright side, we all got a good laugh and a small dose of internet fame, right?
:: Rachel : teasing : Yeah, Liam, I guess we should thank you for the distraction from the daily grind! Although, I think some people might want to have a serious word with you about their newfound meme status.
:: Marcus : roaring with laughter : You've got a point, Liam! We turned this office upside down, and now the internet knows Oddball Industries as the wackiest workplace on the planet!
>> [20] > 5/6 - David, Devika, Marko, Sam, Mike
:: David : offbeat : You know, I always thought my butt would make a solid meme, but I never dreamed it would happen in the context of a nonexistent internal leak scandal!
:: Devika : amused : You should be proud, David. You've added a whole new level of absurdity to Oddball Industries, and you've definitely caught the internet's attention!
:: Marko : snickering : Mate, your meme has inspired me to up my game. Maybe I'll accidentally make a meme-worthy mistake next time we're in a crazy situation like this.
:: Sam : sarcastic : Yeah, let's not make this a habit, guys. I don't think my nerves can handle another day of panic and chaos like that.
:: Mike : chuckling : Sam's got a point, but at least we all had a good laugh and learned that laughter is the best medicine for office paranoia!
>> [19] > 3/3 - Arthur, Nia, Liam
:: Arthur : chuckling : Can you believe David's meme has made us internet famous? "This is how under-supported I am!" with his bare butt showing.
:: Nia : laughing : I mean, who knew a meme could make such an impact? 
:: Liam : grinning : It's incredible what goes viral these days! It's a strange twist of fate that our past blunders have given us all this attention.
>> [11] > 4/4 - Rachel, Marcus, Carmen, David
:: Rachel : teasing : David, I must say, your meme has brought a whole new meaning to exposing our company's shortcomings.
:: Marcus : snickering : You certainly bared it all for the world, didn't you, David?
:: Carmen : giggling : At least now we know we've got nothing left to hide!
:: David : laughing and embarrassed : Yeah, I guess I did give the internet a real "cheeky" performance!
>> [15] > 4/5 - Nia, Liam, Devika, Samantha
:: Nia : amused : Sam, have you found any threats on our Twitter accounts? We wouldn't want any "bummers" to ruin our newfound fame.
:: Liam : smirking : Yeah, we need to keep our "assets" protected.
:: Devika : chuckling : I guess this is a perfect example of turning the other cheek, huh?
:: Samantha : rolling her eyes : Yeah, yeah. Very funny. Anyway, no threats detected so far. You're all safe from internet trolls.
>> [12] > 1/2 - Marcus
:: Marcus : musing : I must say, it's been an interesting day. Our misguided search for a nonexistent leaker led us to momentary web fame. Oddball Industries, the wackiest workplace on Earth!
>> [20] > 5/6 - Arthur, Nia, Liam, Carmen, Marko
:: Arthur : reminiscing : Well, team, it's been quite the journey. We've embraced the absurdity, laughed off our paranoia, and emerged united. Oddball Industries is truly one-of-a-kind!
:: Nia : smiling : And despite the craziness, we've all learned the importance of laughter and camaraderie in the workplace.
:: Liam : nodding : Absolutely. A little humor goes a long way in keeping the office environment light and enjoyable.
:: Carmen : grinning : I bet we'll have quite the story to tell at the next company party!
:: Marko : chuckling : Yeah, just make sure none of us accidentally leak any more embarrassing photos or memes.
>> [11] > 4/4 - Arthur, Nia, Carmen, Marcus
:: Arthur : yawning : You know, I've always found it fascinating how our little band of oddballs can bounce back from even the most absurd of circumstances. It's as if we thrive in chaos.
:: Nia : amused : That's certainly one way of putting it, Art. We've had our ups and downs, but we always manage to land on our feet, even if it's a bit wobbly at times.
:: Carmen : chuckling : I mean, who wouldn't want to work at a place where you're just as likely to dodge a squirrel attack as you are to get a raise? It's all part of the Oddball charm.
:: Marcus : laughing : Absolutely, Carmen! The unpredictability of our workplace keeps things interesting and reminds us that we can find amusement in even the most serious of situations.
>> [4] > 3/3 - Nia, Devika, Rachel
:: Nia : mildly confused : Hey, Devika and Rachel, have you noticed the strange turn of events at the office lately? Those squirrels were really something, huh?
:: Devika : thoughtful : It's been a rollercoaster, Nia. I think we've all learned the importance of staying on our toes and embracing the absurdity of our workplace.
:: Rachel : grinning : Yeah, who knew that our office antics would make us internet famous? It's like we've gone viral for all the right reasons!
>> [7] > 2/2 - Devika, David
:: Devika : focused : I have to admit, David, this newfound popularity has been both a blessing and a curse. We have to be extra careful with our work, but we've also gained quite a reputation.
:: David : nervously : I know what you mean, Devika. I never expected my... uh... meme to blow up the way it did. It's intimidating, but I think we can use this to our advantage at Oddball Industries.
>> [18] > 3/3 - Liam, Marko, Samantha
:: Liam : boastful : You know, I've always believed that a little chaos can be a good thing. Just look at how it's brought us all closer together and made us internet sensations!
:: Marko : jokingly : Yeah, Liam, I'm sure you just love the chaos. Especially when it's your own exaggerations that cause half the problems around here.
:: Samantha : stern : We may have gained some notoriety, but we need to stay vigilant and make sure this doesn't spiral out of control. We can't let our guard down now.