>> [1] > 4/4 - Rachel, Art, Liam, David
:: Rachel : excited : Guys, you won't believe this! I just got an email from Beyoncé's management saying she's going to make a surprise visit to our office as part of some corporate initiative! We're going to have a Q and A session, a dance party, and a motivational talk from Queen B herself!
:: Art : bewildered : Beyoncé? Coming to Oddball Industries? Are you sure it's not a prank? I mean, what would a world-famous celebrity want to do at a humble software company like ours?
:: Liam : sarcastically : Maybe she's looking for a new career as a software developer? I heard she's quite the coding prodigy. But for real, this is totally bonkers! I can't wait to see her in person!
:: David : chuckling : Or maybe she's just a big fan of our office memes! You know, Beyoncé's totally into absurd internet humor. Can you imagine her cracking up at our twisted jokes?
>> [11] > 4/4 - Marcus, Carmen, Devika, Samantha
:: Marcus : ecstatic : Have you all heard the news? Beyoncé's visiting our office! I can't even begin to imagine what sort of chaotic, over-the-top hilarity her visit might bring!
:: Carmen : laughing : Oh, just imagine the kind of memes we can create with her in the background! It's going to be internet gold!
:: Devika : intrigued : I wonder if she knows anything about software development? Maybe she's secretly a tech genius in disguise.
:: Samantha : rolling eyes : I don't know about that, but I sure hope she doesn't bring a cat along. If she does, I'm hiding in the bathroom during her visit.
>> [15] > 5/5 - Nia, Michael, Marko, Rachel, Liam
:: Nia : smirking : Alright, everyone. Let's reel it in. I know we're all excited about Beyoncé's visit, but let's not get too carried away with our weird conspiracy theories and office gossip. We need to be professional and represent Oddball Industries in the best light.
:: Michael : grinning : You're right, Nia. We can't afford to look like a bunch of crazed stans during her visit. We need to stay focused and make sure we're ready for her surprise appearance.
:: Marko : chuckling : But can you imagine how viral our office would go if Beyoncé actually participated in our bizarre shenanigans? 
:: Rachel : grinning : Yeah, we'd be internet legends overnight! Maybe she'll even join us for a future prank or two.
:: Liam : smirking : Oh, I can see it now: Beyoncé and Oddball Industries present 'The Software Diva Prank Chronicles'. We'd be unstoppable!
>> [18] > 3/3 - Marcus, David, Rachel
:: Marcus : chuckling : So, Beyoncé's coming to our little software company, huh? Whoever thought this day would come! I wonder if she's here to fix some bugs and optimize our code?
:: David : sarcastically : Yeah, I heard she's an expert in C++ and loves nothing more than a good debugging session. What do you think, Rachel?
:: Rachel : rolling her eyes : Oh, you guys are hilarious. I'm not the biggest fan, but it's still a big deal that she's coming here! Maybe she's just trying to see how us mere mortals live, you know?
:: David : grinning : Oh, we're mere mortals now? Well, if that's the case, do you think she'll use her magical goddess powers to boost our office productivity?
>> [2] > 2/2 - Liam, Carmen
:: Liam : overacting : So, Carmen, have you heard the latest rumor? Our office will be graced by the divine presence of Queen Bey herself! I'm sure it has nothing to do with the recent coverage of our software glitches, right?
:: Carmen : smirking : Oh, absolutely not! I mean, who doesn't want a little Beyoncé in their life? If anything, her visit will be the perfect distraction from all these boring processes and meetings.
>> [11] > 3/4 - Nia, Art, Devika
:: Nia : concerned : It's all fun and games until our office becomes an internet joke. We need to stay focused on our work, not on Beyoncé's visit. What if she's here to discuss a partnership or something serious? We can't afford to lose our credibility.
:: Art : carelessly : Oh, Nia, always the worrywart! This visit could be a blessing in disguise! Maybe Beyoncé's here to learn how to create her own software empire. Who knows, we could end up with a whole new line of Beyoncé-branded apps!
:: Devika : laughing : Oh, that would be hilarious! A whole suite of apps for all things Beyoncé. From a workout app to a fashion app, the possibilities are endless!
>> [7] > 2/2 - Marko, Samantha
:: Marko : raising an eyebrow : So, Sam, any thoughts on why Beyoncé is visiting our office? I mean, it's not every day that a pop superstar comes to a place like ours.
:: Samantha : deadpan : Maybe she's secretly a talented coder and wants to join our team. Or maybe she's here to help us improve our security measures. Who knows? I just hope she doesn't bring a cat with her.
>> [11] > 4/4 - Marcus, Liam, David, Carmen
:: Marcus : chuckling : So we're doing this, huh? Turning Oddball Industries into the world's most eccentric Beyoncé fan club?
:: Liam : smirking : You bet your sweet Nigerian ass we are, Marcus! We're going all out, meme-style, baby! 
:: David : excited : I've been practicing my Single Ladies dance for years, lads! Can't wait to finally put it to use!
:: Carmen : laughing : Look, as much as I'd love to see David bust a move, I can't believe we're about to memeify Beyoncé and turn this office into a circus. 
>> [8] > 3/3 - Marko, Rachel, Devika
:: Marko : grinning : Alright, team! Let's brainstorm some hilariously bizarre Beyoncé-related desktop backgrounds. I'm talking Sasha Fierce meets Oddball Industries, maybe with a sprinkle of obscure Beehive references.
:: Rachel : amused : I can picture it now, Marko. A giant cartoon bee twerking to "Crazy in Love," with Art wearing a shirt that says "Queen B's #1 Fan"!
:: Devika : giggling : And how about we edit some photos of Nia with song lyrics around her like, "I'm a grown woman, I can do whatever I want!"?
>> [15] > 5/5 - Art, Nia, Sam, Mike, Liam
:: Art : confused : I don't quite understand why we're doing all of this, but if it boosts morale and brings us closer as a team, I'm all for it! 
:: Nia : uncertain : I mean, I'm all for some Bey-inspired fun, but let's not forget we still have a software company to run here, people.
:: Sam : sarcastically : Oh, come on, Nia. What's life without a little bit of Beyoncé-themed chaos in the workplace?
:: Mike : chuckling : I second that, Sam! It's like a dream come true for me. I've always wanted to see Art channel his inner Queen B.
:: Liam : mischievously : Trust me, folks. Once this is all over, we'll have a good laugh at ourselves and get back to business as usual. But for now, let the memes commence!
>> [4] > 3/3 - Nia, Rachel, Carmen
:: Nia : sighing : Alright, I guess there's a certain charm in embracing the madness. Just make sure we don't lose sight of our actual goals here.
:: Rachel : smirking : Have a little faith, Nia! We'll ride the Beyoncé wave, create some legendary office memes, and then get back to being Oddball Industries.
:: Carmen : excited : Yeah! It's not every day we get to pull off something this ridiculous. Plus, I really want to see Art don a Beyoncé wig.
>> [11] > 4/4 - Marcus, Liam, David, Carmen
:: Marcus : excitedly : Can you believe it, folks? Our little joke may come back to bite us, as Beyoncé herself is actually on her way here! I, for one, am both excited and terrified.
:: Liam : nervously : Oh man, we need to clean up our act and quick! I don't want her to think we're some kind of ungrateful bunch of lunatics.
:: David : panicking : Me neither! We went a little overboard with the memes and jokes, and now we have to undo it all before she arrives!
:: Carmen : anxiously : Alright, let's split up and start taking down all the ridiculous stuff we put up. We need to turn this office back into a professional workspace, stat!
>> [8] > 3/3 - Marko, Rachel, Devika
:: Marko : worried : Guys, I just got the news that Beyoncé is actually coming to our office! We need to get rid of all these weird photos and decorations.
:: Rachel : frantic : I can't believe this is happening! We were just having fun, and now it's turned into a potential disaster. Let's start removing everything we set up. 
:: Devika : anxious : Agreed, we need to work fast and efficiently. We don't want Beyoncé to think we're making fun of her or anything. It was all just in good fun!
>> [19] > 3/3 - Art, Nia, Marcus
:: Art : sternly : I knew this plan was going to backfire. Now Beyoncé is actually coming, and we need to clean up this mess before she gets here.
:: Nia : assertively : You're right, Art. I'll gather everyone and make sure we get this place back in order before her arrival. We don't want to leave a bad impression.
:: Marcus : apologetically : I'm really sorry, guys. I didn't think this would happen. I'll make sure to help clean up everything and make the office presentable again.
>> [19] > 3/3 - Art, Nia, Beyoncé
:: Art : nervous laughter : What an unexpected honor to have, uh, Queen B herself gracing our humble software office! Beyoncé, welcome to Oddball Industries!
:: Nia : trying to contain her excitement : Yes, Beyoncé, we're absolutely thrilled to have you here. Our employees can't wait to have an opportunity to interact with you and get inspired.
:: Beyoncé : genuine smile : Thank you both for the warm welcome! It's always great to step out of my usual routine and connect with everyday people who work so hard behind the scenes.
>> [5] > 3/3 - Liam, Carmen, Marcus
:: Liam : astonished : I can't believe Beyoncé is actually here! This is going to make for some legendary water cooler gossip.
:: Carmen : grinning : And to think we almost turned the office into a Beyoncé meme museum!
:: Marcus : chuckling : I've got a feeling today's going to be a good day, and not just because we dodged that bullet. Who knows what Queen B has in store for us? Maybe she'll bless us with her presence at the water cooler?
>> [11] > 4/4 - Rachel, David, Devika, Marko
:: Rachel : frantically : Guys, we need to get this place cleaned up before Beyoncé walks by! We don't want her to see what we did earlier.
:: David : struggling : How did we manage to put together all this chaos in such a short amount of time? It's like we've become experts in office disaster!
:: Devika : trying to focus : Just focus on cleaning up your own mess. We don't want Beyoncé to catch wind of our ridiculous shenanigans.
:: Marko : laughing : I'd pay good money to see her reaction, though! But alright, let's get this chaos under control.
>> [15] > 5/5 - Samantha, Mike, Liam, Marcus, Art
:: Samantha : grumbling : I can't believe I'm on Beyoncé cleanup duty. I should be guarding her from potential threats!
:: Mike : jokingly : Relax, Sam, if Beyoncé can survive the elevator incident, she can handle a little office mess.
:: Liam : laughing : Mike's got a point. Plus, we're all in this together. Let's get this break room back to normal.
:: Marcus : chipping in : Yeah, we wouldn't want Queen B to think we're a bunch of weirdos... even if we kind of are.
:: Art : joining the laughter : If anything, this mess shows just how creative and passionate our team can be. But let's clean it up before Beyoncé sees the masterpiece we've created.
>> [20] > 6/6 - Rachel, Nia, Carmen, David, Devika, Beyoncé
:: Rachel : relieved : We did it, guys! Oddball Industries is back to normal, just in time for Beyoncé's big entrance.
:: Nia : smiling : Great job, team! Now we get to enjoy Beyoncé's visit without the embarrassment of her seeing the office in complete disarray.
:: Carmen : chuckling : I'm still impressed we managed to make things right so quickly. We should be proud of ourselves!
:: David : grinning : We really do work well under pressure. Maybe we should invite celebrities more often to keep us on our toes!
:: Devika : joining the laughter : I don't know about that, but this was definitely a day I'll never forget.
:: Beyoncé : entering the room : You guys did a great job. I'm glad to see how well you all work together. Now, let's take that group selfie and create some fun memories!