>> [19] > 3/3 - Art, Carmen, David
:: Art : excited : Alright, folks! In the spirit of team building, I present to you: Corporate Games Day! To make it even more fun, let's all impersonate our favorite Game of Thrones characters! 
:: Carmen : giggling : Art, you mad genius! I'm in! I call dibs on Cersei! 
:: David : hesitant : I guess I'll be... uh, Jon Snow? You know, because I "know nothing"? Haha, get it?
:: Art : laughing : Excellent choices, my dear employees! Let the games begin!
>> [11] > 4/4 - Liam, Rachel, Marcus, Nia
:: Liam : boastful : Did you guys hear? Today is Corporate Games Day, GoT style! I'm going to be the mighty Khal Drogo, master of the horselords!
:: Rachel : smirking : Well, in that case, I'll be Daenerys Targaryen, mother of dragons! Though, honestly, I think I might prefer being mother of donuts.
:: Marcus : chuckling : Ah, Rachel! Your choice is fit for a queen. I shall be Tyrion Lannister, the master of wit and wine! 
:: Nia : rolling her eyes : Alright, alright, I'll join the fun. I'm Arya Stark. Now, let's get to work before we end up like the actual characters from the show!
>> [8] > 3/3 - Marko, Devika, Sam
:: Marko : enthused : G'day, mates! I heard about this Corporate Games Day thing. I'm gonna be Jaime Lannister, the Kingslayer! You know, because I "slay" my designs? Eh?
:: Devika : smirking : Nice one, Marko! I'll be Melisandre, the Red Priestess. Maybe I can bring some dead projects back to life!
:: Sam : unimpressed : Fine, I'll play along. I'll be Brienne of Tarth, guarding the office from cats... I mean, danger.
>> [11] > 4/4 - Marcus, Devika, David, Marko
:: Marcus : theatrically : Friends, co-workers, loyal subjects of Oddball Industries, let me tell you a tale of intrigue, drama, and the most epic of battles. For today, we witness a battle like no other, a choir war song to end all wars!
:: Devika : bemused : A choir war song? Marcus, you do realize we're impersonating Game of Thrones characters, not forming a medieval glee club, right?
:: David : chuckling : You know, I once knew a guy who thought the Battle of the Bastards was going to be an intense showdown between Jon Snow and a herd of Dachshunds. Talk about a misinterpretation of epic proportions.
:: Marko : grinning : Well, I'm always in for an oddball adventure. If Marcus wants a choir war song, let's give him a choir war song. Besides, it's not every day we get to indulge in the chaos that is our bizarre workplace.
>> [1] > 3/4 - Rachel, Liam, Carmen
:: Rachel : cryptically : Ah, greetings young padawans of the corporate realm. I, Rachel the Oracle, offer you counsel in these trying times of war and impersonations. First, remember that not all dragons breathe fire; some just offer really spicy hot wings. Second, trust not the office printer, for it is the bane of productivity and the harbinger of paper jams. And third, always remember to take your coffee breaks, lest you find yourself lost in the endless stream of emails and tasks, never to return.
:: Liam : amused : Rachel, I am Lord Commander of the Sales Watch, and I shall heed your wise counsel. The hot wings shall fuel my ambitions, and the coffee breaks shall keep my mind sharp for the battles ahead. 
:: Carmen : playfully : Thank you, Rachel the Oracle. I, Lady Carmen Lannister, shall stand tall against the tyranny of printer jams and ensure the smooth workings of our fine kingdom. Onwards, to victory and office supplies!
>> [18] > 3/3 - Nia, Art, Sam
:: Nia : dramatically : My loyal followers, today marks a glorious occasion in the history of our fine company. As we weave our intricate web of corporate games, let our impersonations ring true and our laughter fill the halls.
:: Art : drowsily : Indeed, my dear subjects. This day shall be remembered for generations to come as the day we united under the banner of Oddball Industries, embracing the chaos of Westeros and the corporate world in harmony. Valar Morghulis, dear friends.
:: Sam : skeptically : Alright, I'll play along. But if I catch any of you trying to use your newfound "powers" to get out of work, I'll have you escorted off the premises faster than you can say "Hold the door!"
>> [11] > 4/4 - David, Devika, Carmen, Mike
:: David : sheepish : So, I was thinking, Devika, now that I've got you here, maybe we can just put an end to this feud, huh? I mean, it's just a game after all. We're all still coworkers at the end of the day.
:: Devika : sighing : Fine, David. I agree, we should resolve this. Now's as good a time as any.
:: Carmen : coyly : Well, if we're all settling our differences, I guess there's something I should mention too...
:: Mike : nervously : Yeah, uh, Carmen and I, we kind of have this... thing going on. I mean, it's nothing serious, but... erm...
:: Carmen : blushing : It's true. We've been secretly involved, but we didn't want it to affect our work relationships or the team dynamics, so we kept it under wraps.
:: David : shocked : Wait, what? You two are in a secret romance? Wow, I was not expecting that. Talk about plot twists!
:: Devika : amused : Well, that's certainly some unexpected news!
>> [20] > 3/3 - Nia, Marcus, Art
:: Nia : shaking head : I can't believe Carmen and Mike have a secret romance going on! What a day it's been, and it's all thanks to this crazy Corporate Games Day!
:: Marcus : chuckling : I told you, Nia. Chaos is everywhere, and now we have the office's very own Romeo and Juliet to prove it. It's like an unending supply of entertainment.
:: Art : smirking : How about we all agree to wind down a bit, huh? The games have been fun, but we should remember we're still coworkers, not actors in a fantasy world.
>> [15] > 5/5 - Liam, Rachel, Marko, Sam, Devika
:: Liam : grinning : You've got to admit, though, it's been quite an eventful day! I haven't had this much fun at the office in quite some time.
:: Rachel : smirking : Yeah, but we should probably get back to reality soon, shouldn't we? This place is starting to feel like a madhouse.
:: Marko : chuckling : I wouldn't have it any other way, love! That's the charm of Oddball Industries.
:: Sam : reluctantly agreeing : It's been fun, but I guess we should focus on our actual work now.
:: Devika : philosophically : You know, sometimes it takes a little chaos to remind us of the good things we have. Sure, we're an odd bunch, but that's what makes us unique.
>> [15] > 4/5 - Art, Nia, Liam, Marcus
:: Art : chuckling : Well, folks, the great Game of Cubicles was entertaining while it lasted. But, as they say, all good things must come to an end.
:: Nia : agreeing : I think we can all agree that we've gone a little too far with these impersonations. Let's focus on our work and leave the game behind. We've learned our lesson.
:: Liam : smirking : Funny how chaos can sometimes lead to the most unexpected outcomes, huh? Who said chaos isn't a ladder?
:: Marcus : laughing : You've got that right, Liam! The antics were a blast, but I guess it's time to come back down to earth and get our heads back in the game - the real game, work.
>> [20] > 4/6 - David, Carmen, Mike, Rachel
:: David : sheepishly : Hey, guys, sorry if I stirred up some chaos earlier. I was just trying to settle that feud with Devika.
:: Carmen : lighthearted : Well, David, your clumsy attempts did lead to an unintended revelation. It's nothing to be ashamed of. Sometimes, the most surprising things can come out when everyone's a little unhinged.
:: Mike : grinning : Yeah, who would've thought that Carmen and I would end up being the talk of the office? Ah well, life's full of surprises, innit?
:: Rachel : smirking : Well, that revelation sure put the brakes on our Game of Thrones madness. Now we can finally get back to our normal, boring office life.
>> [11] > 3/4 - Nia, Marcus, Devika
:: Nia : reflecting : I have to admit, I'll kind of miss the excitement of our little role-playing adventure. But we shouldn't let it consume our work lives.
:: Marcus : sighing : True, Nia. We had our fun, but now it's time to focus on what we're here for - making Oddball Industries the best it can be.
:: Devika : agreeing : You guys are right. It was a fun distraction, but we need to get back on track. Plus, I think we all had enough drama to last us a lifetime!
>> [19] > 2/3 - Art, Liam
:: Art : proud : Liam, I must say, that whole Game of Cubicles thing really brought out some... interesting sides of our employees. It's good to see everyone letting loose once in a while.
:: Liam : chuckling : Yeah, boss. It was a wild ride while it lasted. But I think we're all ready to get back to business now... at least, until the next office shenanigan.
>> [20] > 4/6 - Nia, David, Carmen, Marcus
:: Nia : chuckling : I must admit, this whole Game of Cubicles escapade has been entertaining, albeit chaotic at times. But, let's agree to leave the GoT impersonations behind and focus on our actual work before Art starts questioning our sanity!
:: David : grinning : Chaos? Who said chaos isn't a ladder? But alright, Nia. We'll tone it down. Though, I must say, I didn't expect to unveil the forbidden love between Carmen and Mike.
:: Carmen : flustered : Hey, I'm as surprised as you are about that whole thing! Let's just put that behind us and get back to our usual quirky selves.
:: Marcus : laughing : Well, my friends, it's been a wild adventure. I'll miss my role as Tyrion, but perhaps it's time to return to the land of the living, away from the realms of dragons and power struggles.
>> [11] > 3/4 - Liam, Rachel, Devika
:: Liam : playful : Rachel, my dear! I hear you've been offering some rather odd pieces of advice to people in your role as the Keeper of the Reception Desk. Care to share any more pearls of wisdom?
:: Rachel : smirking : Oh, Liam, my time as a wise counselor has come to an end. But if you must know, always remember: if you're going to plot world domination, don't leave your plans in the communal fridge! You never know who might come snooping.
:: Devika : amused : Well, I'm glad I got myself a perfectly normal yogurt then. As much as I enjoyed the Game of Cubicles, it's probably for the best that it ended before we all lost our minds entirely.
>> [19] > 2/3 - Art, Sam
:: Art : content : Those kids really had a ball today, huh Sam? Although, I'm glad they've decided to hang up their GoT hats for now. Couldn't have that chaos going on for too long.
:: Sam : relieved : You said it, boss. We need to maintain some semblance of order around here, or who knows what kind of madness might ensue!