>> [1] > 3/4 - Rachel, Carmen, David
:: Rachel : excitedly : Guys, you won't believe what I just heard! Art was sleep-talking during an important meeting, and he mentioned something about secret government projects related to oddball stuff. Do you think we could be involved in something shady?
:: Carmen : sarcastically : Oh, sure, Rachel. And maybe we're all alien lizard people in disguise, controlling the world's governments from our humble software company. Pass me a tin-foil hat, will you?
:: David : chuckling : Yeah, Rachel, next you'll be telling us that the earth is flat and the moon landing was staged. But, you know, now that you mention it, I did once see a UFO outside my window... or maybe it was just a really shiny bird.
>> [11] > 3/4 - Nia, Devika, Liam
:: Nia : rolling her eyes : So, Rachel's been spreading some wild conspiracy theory about us being involved in oddball-themed government projects. Honestly, can't people just focus on work?
:: Devika : musing : Well, I have to admit, it's a pretty entertaining thought. Maybe we're secretly developing mind-reading apps or, you know, lizard people dating sites? You never know what's going on behind closed doors.
:: Liam : smirking : Hey, if we're developing mind-reading apps, I'd love to know what our competitors are thinking right now. But seriously, if we were involved in something like that, I think we'd know by now.
>> [18] > 3/3 - Marcus, Mike, Rachel
:: Marcus : chuckling : I heard about your wild government conspiracy, Rachel. It's quite the imaginative tale you've cooked up. But what if... we're actually living inside a computer simulation, huh? How do we know anything is real? 
:: Mike : raising an eyebrow : You've been watching too many Matrix movies, Marcus. But, you know, now that you bring it up, sometimes when I walk through the office, I feel like I can hear a distant voice saying, "Error 404: Page Not Found."
:: Rachel : defensively : Hey, I'm just saying what I heard! Art was sleep-talking about it, and it sounded really, uh, juicy. Look, I know it sounds crazy, but don't you think there's a tiny chance we could be part of something bigger?
>> [18] > 3/3 - Liam, David, Carmen
:: Liam : suspicious : David mate, you ever notice anything off about Art? Like, maybe he's hiding something?
:: David : clumsily : Well, I mean, he does have a strange fascination with oddball-themed projects. But hiding something? C'mon, Liam, you sound like one of those conspiracy nuts!
:: Carmen : sarcastically : Oh, absolutely! I mean, just the other day, I saw Art communicating with aliens through the coffee machine. We're all just pawns in his intergalactic game!
>> [2] > 2/2 - Marcus, Devika
:: Marcus : laughing : Can you imagine? Art, the puppet master of some secret government project! I mean, the man can't even stay awake during an office meeting!
:: Devika : amused : It's ridiculous, but you have to admit, it's kind of fun to entertain the idea. What if we're all here just to help him make first contact with a race of super intelligent oddballs?
>> [11] > 4/4 - Rachel, Nia, Marko, Sam
:: Rachel : nervously : Guys, I don't know about you, but I'm starting to get a little paranoid. What if there's some truth to this conspiracy theory?
:: Nia : dismissive : Rachel, it's just a silly rumor. But, I have to admit, it's been quite entertaining watching everyone freak out over it.
:: Marko : joking : Yeah, I mean, I was this close to creating a whole line of tinfoil hats to sell at the Oddball Industries gift shop!
:: Sam : deadpan : Oh, please. Let's all stick tinfoil hats on our heads and skip merrily through the office. That'll really boost productivity, won't it?
>> [19] > 2/3 - Art, Nia
:: Art : exasperated : Nia, have you heard the nonsense spreading around the office? They actually believe we're running secret government projects with aliens and talking unicorns! It's absurd!
:: Nia : concerned : I've heard, Art. It's getting out of control. People are pairing up and gossiping instead of working. We need to put a stop to this. What if we call an emergency All Hands Meeting to clear the air and explain that it's all just a big misunderstanding?
:: Art : agreeing : That's a good idea, Nia. Let's get everyone into the conference room right away! 
>> [16] > 7/7 - Art, Nia, Liam, Carmen, David, Rachel, Marcus
:: Art : authoritative : Alright, everyone, listen up! We've called this emergency meeting because it's come to our attention that there's a ridiculous rumor going around about secret government projects and Oddball Industries. We want to assure you, it's all just baseless gossip. We're not involved in any secret projects or conspiracies.
:: Liam : smirking : But what if we are, Art? What if you're just saying that to throw us off the trail? To keep us from discovering the truth about the interdimensional portals and the time-traveling goldfish?
:: Carmen : laughing : Liam, are you seriously suggesting that Art is involved in some sort of futuristic aquatic espionage? You've been watching too many sci-fi movies, dude! 
:: Rachel : conspiratorial : Well, I did overhear Art sleep talking about aliens and oddball-themed government projects... It could be a repressed memory surfacing!
:: Nia : frustrated : Rachel, sometimes people just say nonsensical things in their sleep. It doesn't mean there's a secret conspiracy. We've got a company to run, and we can't afford to get sidetracked by baseless rumors.
>> [15] > 5/5 - David, Devika, Marko, Sam, Mike
:: David : jokingly : So, Devika, have you been secretly developing holographic aliens for the government in your secluded corner cubicle?
:: Devika : rolling her eyes : David, if I had the technology to create holographic aliens, I'd use it to make my own personal army of intergalactic warriors, not to help the government with their silly schemes.
:: Marko : grinning : Speaking of intergalactic warriors, did you hear about the guy who tried to train his goldfish to be an astronaut? He thought it would be out-of-this-world!
:: Sam : annoyed : Honestly, can we all just drop the conspiracies and get back to work? This is getting ridiculous.
>> [11] > 4/4 - Nia, Carmen, Liam, Marcus
:: Nia : disheartened : I can't believe things have escalated this far. Instead of calming everyone down, the meeting has led to even more division among the employees.
:: Carmen : amused : Well, you know what they say, Nia: "All's fair in love, war, and office conspiracy theories!"
:: Liam : joking : Carmen, you should form a team to investigate the existence of interdimensional portals at Oddball Industries. I bet we could get a reality TV show out of it!
:: Marcus : dramatically : Count me in! I was born to uncover the truth... and star in my own reality show, darling.
>> [18] > 3/3 - Marcus, David, Carmen
:: Marcus : panicked : Guys, those investigators are in the building! Everyone is running around frantically.
:: David : stuttering : W-w-we have to hide! They must be after our secrets! Oh, man, I knew I should've cleaned up my desk before they got here...
:: Carmen : sarcastic : Relax, David. They're investigators, not your mom coming to visit your college dorm. But seriously, we can't let them find anything that could put us on their radar.
:: Marcus : comically serious : I propose we create a divide-and-conquer strategy. Let's split up, hide, and report any findings we come across. Just remember, we have to act natural, like nothing's out of the ordinary.
:: David : nervously laughing : Yeah, hiding from investigators is completely an ordinary day for me...totally natural.
>> [12] > 2/2 - Nia, Marcus
:: Nia : whispering : Marcus, what's going on? The entire office is in chaos! What did you find out?
:: Marcus : cautiously : Nia, I've got some intel. Looks like they're searching people's desks and asking questions. It's not looking good for our cover.
:: Nia : determined : Okay, we need to regroup and come up with a plan. We can't let them uncover the truth behind Art's wild sci-fi screenplay reading!
>> [6] > 2/3 - Liam, Rachel
:: Liam : over-exaggerating : Rachel, it's like we're being hunted down. I saw an investigator in the corner of my eye, and I swear I saw a laser dot on my chest.
:: Rachel : eye-rolling : Liam, that's just paranoia talking. But seriously, we need to stick together and be stealthy about this entire situation.
>> [19] > 3/3 - Art, Nia, Liam
:: Liam : frantically : Art, Nia, you won't believe this madness! We've found the source of all our recent "government" paranoia! Our beloved CEO, the boss of all bosses, was reading a sci-fi screenplay during his sleep episode!
:: Art : befuddled : What? I did? I was just trying to relax before the meeting and... Oh, dear. I must have drifted off and started sleep-talking.
:: Nia : sarcastically : Well, that's just great, Art. Now we've got the whole office buzzing around like headless chickens, making meme references and sprouting conspiracy theories like no tomorrow.
:: Art : sheepishly : I'm sorry, everyone. I'll make it up to you, I promise. But first, let's get the office back to normal. Or, you know, Oddball Industries' version of normal.
>> [12] > 2/2 - Marcus, David
:: Marcus : excitedly : David! I just heard the news! We're all going to be alright! Turns out Art was just sleep reading, and there's no shady government conspiracy after all!
:: David : animatedly : No way, Marcus! That's amazing! And to think I was just debating whether I should finally reveal my secret recipe for laser-guided tacos to the world. Boy, that escaped disaster like a sneaky cat gif!
>> [18] > 3/3 - Rachel, Carmen, Devika
:: Rachel : relieved : So, the truth is out, huh? Art's secret sci-fi screenplay reading had us all worked up for nothing!
:: Carmen : giggling : It's a good thing we didn't need to use Mike's "Feline Defense Plan" after all. That would have been catastrophic!
:: Devika : chuckling : You guys, we need to make a comic out of this. Just imagine the title, "Sleep-Talking CEO: The Alien Conspiracy That Wasn't!" The internet would go nuts!
>> [11] > 4/4 - Nia, Marko, Samantha, Michael
:: Nia : addressing : Alright, everyone. Now that this little adventure is resolved, let's get back to work. No more wild theories and chasing non-existent government agents, okay?
:: Marko : cheerfully : You got it, Nia! I can finally focus on my designs again without worrying about secret microphones in my keyboard!
:: Samantha : dryly : Well, at least we know our security measures can be relaxed a bit. No need to go full-on "Area 51" mode anymore.
:: Michael : jovially : Good times, Oddballs, good times! Now I can finally return to my never-ending battle against the ultimate office adversary...the jammed printer!