>> [3] > 1/3 - David
:: David : chuckling : You've got to be kidding me! An impending Duckpocalypse? This is by far the most absurd thing I've ever seen on the internet... and I've seen a lot. I wonder how the office would react to this silly meme. I bet we could have some fun with it around here. Alright, it's decided. Time to spread the word of the Duckpocalypse!
>> [2] > 2/2 - David, Liam
:: David : smirking : Hey Liam! Have you heard about the upcoming Duckpocalypse? Apparently, it's the newest meme sensation sweeping the internet. Soon, we'll all be at the mercy of these feathery fiends! 
:: Liam : laughing : A Duckpocalypse? That's hilarious! Alright, I've got to admit, that does sound like an amusing distraction from the usual office grind. Count me in! Let's see how far this can go!
>> [11] > 3/4 - Carmen, Nia, Rachel
:: David : snickering : Hey, ladies! Guess what's going to rain down from the sky and quack us all to oblivion? Yup, you guessed it - the Duckpocalypse is upon us! Trust me, this is the most absurd thing you'll hear all day, but somehow it's going viral! 
:: Carmen : grinning : Oh, David, this is too much! I can't believe you're actually trying to get everyone on board with this Duckpocalypse nonsense. But you know what? It's a nice change of pace from the usual office chatter. So, why not? Let the ducks rain down!
:: Nia : trying to hold back laughter : This is by far the most preposterous thing I've ever heard, but if it brings a bit of lighthearted fun around here, I won't be the one to put an end to it. Just remember, David, we still have work to do!
:: Rachel : giggling : A Duckpocalypse? My goodness, it's the wackiest thing I've heard, but somehow it's hilarious! Sign me up!
>> [18] > 3/3 - David, Marcus, Devika
:: David : grinning : Hey, guys! Guess what - I've got some dire news for you. The Duckpocalypse is coming! Quackmageddon is nigh! And it's going viral as we speak!
:: Marcus : bursting into laughter : David, my friend, you have truly outdone yourself this time! A Duckpocalypse! I can't stop laughing! I'm in; let's see how many of our coworkers we can rope into this ridiculous meme.
:: Devika : smirking : Oh, David, you really know how to bring a bit of chaos into this office. I might just have to create some duck-inspired code to commemorate this quacky occasion.
>> [11] > 4/4 - David, Carmen, Nia, Rachel
:: David : excited : Guys, you won't believe what I found in the kitchen! A rubber duck jammed inside the microwave! The Duckpocalypse is really happening! I told you all it was coming, and now the signs are everywhere!
:: Carmen : laughing : Oh, come on, David. You really believe that nonsense? It's probably just someone playing a prank, feeding into this whole Duckpocalypse thing.
:: Nia : amused : I must admit, though, it does add a bit of excitement to our mundane office life. Perhaps it's just the universe's way of telling us we need to lighten up and have a little more fun at work.
:: Rachel : concerned : But what if, by some bizarre turn of events, it's actually true? I mean, improbable, yes, but why else would there be ducks appearing all over the place? What if we're all in some kind of duck-themed Twilight Zone?
>> [18] > 3/3 - Liam, Marcus, Devika
:: Liam : grinning : Marcus, mate, did you hear that weird quacking sound earlier? I swear I thought I saw a duck waddle by my cubicle!
:: Marcus : chuckling : Oh, Liam, my friend, I fear the Duckpocalypse fever has caught up with you too! We must keep our wits about us, for we know not when the quacking menace will strike next!
:: Devika : sarcastically : Oh, come on, you two. It's obviously just someone messing around. But I must say, it's a nice little distraction from the daily grind.
>> [20] > 6/6 - Art, David, Carmen, Nia, Rachel, Liam
:: Art : concerned : Alright, everyone, gather around. We need to discuss this Duckpocalypse situation. We can't let it spiral out of control and disrupt our work.
:: David : grinning : See! I knew it was real! Art, I told you this Duckpocalypse was coming, and now even you can see the signs!
:: Carmen : rolling_eyes : David, for the last time, it's just a joke! Someone's pulling a prank on us, and it seems to be working.
:: Nia : smiling : I have to agree with Carmen. We should just enjoy the silliness and not let it distract us from our work. After all, laughter is a great stress reliever!
:: Rachel : pondering : But what if... what if it's not just some silly prank? What if this Duckpocalypse is a message from the universe, warning us about something bigger and more dangerous? Maybe we're meant to learn something from all this!
:: Liam : chuckling : Oh, Rachel, you're just as lost in this as David! Let's just enjoy the show and get back to work.
>> [19] > 2/3 - Art, David
:: Art : bewildered : David, could you explain to me what's going on? I hear quacking, I see rubber ducks, and I feel like I'm living in some kind of bizarre duck-infested nightmare!
:: David : excited : Art, I've been trying to tell everyone! It's the Duckpocalypse! It started as a joke, but now it's become real! Look around you, if it looks like a duck and quacks like a duck, then it probably is a duck! The meme has come to life, and we're all in the middle of it!
:: Art : contemplative : Hmm, I see what you're getting at. This is chaos, but perhaps there's some truth to it. Alright, let's suspend operations and prepare for the Duckpocalypse!
>> [11] > 4/4 - Nia, Liam, Carmen, Marcus
:: Nia : concerned : Art just suspended operations because of this Duckpocalypse madness? I thought it was just a joke!
:: Liam : laughing : Oh, it was, but it's become way more than that now. This place has gone quackers!
:: Carmen : amused : I can't believe we're shutting down over a meme. This is getting out of hand!
:: Marcus : grinning : Well, they do say life imitates art...or in this case, art imitates a meme about ducks! The whole office has become a pond of absurdity.
>> [7] > 2/2 - Devika, Rachel
:: Devika : frustrated : I can't believe Art bought into this Duckpocalypse nonsense! How am I supposed to work on my projects with all these interruptions?
:: Rachel : mischievous : Oh, come on, Devika. Lighten up! It's not every day that we get to witness such an entertaining Duckpocalypse!
>> [14] > 2/2 - Liam, Marko
:: Liam : smirking : Marko, how are you holding up with this Duckpocalypse situation? Looks like Art's joined the pond party.
:: Marko : chuckling : Mate, it's bonkers, and I love it! Can't believe all these quacking coincidences turned the office upside down. But hey, I've always been a fan of ducks, so I'm not complaining!
>> [18] > 3/3 - Marcus, David, Rachel
:: Marcus : chuckling : My word, David, you certainly know how to create quite the stir around the office! This Duckpocalyse has reached peak hilarity! Is it true that you found a flock of rubber duckies floating in the break room sink?
:: David : grinning : Yes, Marcus, I did! I don't know who put those there, but it's brilliant! This whole Duckpocalypse thing has really taken a life of its own. It's like one giant game of 'telephone' gone horribly right!
:: Rachel : snickering : You mean to tell me I need to prepare my rubber ducky defense tactics? Oh, the horror! Oddball Industries is no match for these quacky adversaries! We're all doomed!
>> [14] > 2/2 - Liam, Carmen
:: Liam : smirking : So, Carmen, should we be concerned about the sudden onset of duck-mania? Our office has truly become a ducky dystopia! Can you imagine if we had to swap our desks for duck ponds?
:: Carmen : laughing : Liam, I think I'd suit the role of a pond-side professional quite nicely! Although, I must say, it'd be difficult to operate a computer while floating around on a lily pad. This whole Duckpocalypse ordeal is so absurd, but it's such a refreshing break from the norm!
>> [21] > 2/2 - Michael "Mike" Jackson, Samantha "Sam" Wilson
:: Mike : scratching his head : "Sam, I think I made a bit of a blunder here. I was supposed to run some training simulations today, but with the recent Duckpocalypse craze, I decided to have some fun with it. I had no idea it would cause this level of chaos."
:: Sam : frowning : "You're the one behind all this quackery?! Mike, I can't even walk through the halls without being bombarded by duck memes and chat about quack conspiracies! How are we going to fix this fowl mess?"
>> [18] > 3/3 - Art, Nia, David
:: Art : exasperated : Nia, David, I just found out the truth behind this Duckpocalypse fiasco! It appears our good security guard Mike has been running security tests that he disguised as duck-related chaos. And with everyone else jumping on the bandwagon, our office has turned into a looney bin!
:: Nia : astonished : You're kidding, right? All this duck madness was just a security test gone wrong? I can't say I saw that one coming.
:: David : laughing : Well, that's the beauty of internet memes, isn't it? They can take on a life of their own, and before you know it, everyone's quacking up!
>> [15] > 5/5 - Marcus, Rachel, Liam, Carmen, Devika
:: Marcus : chuckling : Alright, so let me get this straight. We've been sent into a frenzy over a meme, a few misplaced rubber ducks, and some wacky coincidences? That's golden! I mean, I'm just glad it wasn't a real apocalypse, but still, it's a little eggscruciating!
:: Rachel : smirking : Eggscruciating, Marcus? The puns just don't stop with you, do they? Anyway, I see Art, Nia, and David are in on the truth now. We should start putting an end to this chaos and explain the situation to everyone else.
:: Liam : agreeing : Yeah, we'll have to quack down on this duck mania and get back to work. Wow, I'm starting to talk like Marcus now.
:: Carmen : amused : Hey, at least we've had a good laugh out of it all, right? If anything, this has been one of the most memorable days at work. Imagine the stories we'll be able to tell!
:: Devika : pondering : Yes, but let's make sure we don't let internet culture take over the office again. One Duckpocalypse is enough for a lifetime!
>> [19] > 3/3 - Art, Mike, Sam
:: Art : stern : Mike, I appreciate your dedication to testing our security system, but next time, please leave the ducks out of it. We had the entire office in hysterics over this Duckpocalypse business.
:: Mike : apologetic : I'm really sorry, Art. I didn't mean for it to get so out of hand. I thought it would be a fun way to test our security without anyone getting suspicious.
:: Sam : nodding : And as much as I hate to admit it, I panicked too over some of these duck-related incidents. It's been a wild day, that's for sure. We promise to keep any future security tests more, well, professional.